README.md, before:

# Py4Dummies
This is meant to help expand the efficiency of developing scripts for Moderation For Dummies.
It includes `py4dummies` (which the repository is named after), a util library for interfacing with the Roblox API, fetching internet content, and other utilities to help with Mod4Dummie's daily activities.

## Mirrors
| Host                     | Link                                              |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------- |
| **git.bendaws.net**      | **https://git.bendaws.net/py4dummies/py4dummies** |
| GitHub                   | https://github.com/py4dummies/py4dummies          |
| Codeberg                 | https://codeberg.org/py4dummies/py4dummies        |

## Scripts
### Usage
Run any utility script (not modules) with zero arguments for a rundown of what it does and how to use it. Argument hints are formatted as such:
```
Args:
    [script_name].py [argument: type(?)]
```
A `?` at the end of an argument type represents that the argument is optional.

Commit message:

[docs] Append early-access warning into README
Signed-off-by: ben <ben@bendaws.net>

README.md, after:

# Py4Dummies

> [!NOTE]
> This is still **beta** software, not yet meant for real usage, and very, very much in early development.

This is meant to help expand the efficiency of developing scripts for Moderation For Dummies.
It includes `py4dummies` (which the repository is named after), a util library for interfacing with the Roblox API, fetching internet content, and other utilities to help with Mod4Dummie's daily activities.

## Mirrors
| Host                     | Link                                              |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------- |
| **git.bendaws.net**      | **https://git.bendaws.net/py4dummies/py4dummies** |
| GitHub                   | https://github.com/py4dummies/py4dummies          |
| Codeberg                 | https://codeberg.org/py4dummies/py4dummies        |

## Scripts
### Usage
Run any utility script (not modules) with zero arguments for a rundown of what it does and how to use it. Argument hints are formatted as such:
```
Args:
    [script_name].py [argument: type(?)]
```
A `?` at the end of an argument type represents that the argument is optional.
